feat(behaviors): hold-tap hold while undecided (#1811)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/behaviors/hold-tap.md

};
```

#### `hold-while-undecided`

> If enabled, the hold behavior will immediately be held on hold-tap press, and will release before the tap behavior is sent. With modifiers (excluding the windows key) this will not affect typing, and is useful for mod + clicking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If enabled, the hold behavior will immediately be held on hold-tap press, and will release before the behavior is sent in the event the hold-tap resolves into a tap. With most modifiers this will not affect typing, and is useful for using modifiers with the mouse.
```

> :::note Alt behavior
> In some applications/desktop environments, pressing the alt or gui key by itself will have its own behavior like activate a menu.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note Alt/Win/Cmd behavior
In some applications/desktop environments, pressing Alt keycodes by itself will have its own behavior like activate a menu and Gui keycodes will bring up the start menu or an application launcher.
:::
```
